c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Styles\Colors.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Styles\MainStyles.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Styles\TextStyles.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Whistler.xr.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Whistler.exe
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Whistler.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Whistler.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactions.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Xaml.Interactivity.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.dll
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Extras.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Whistler.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\MainStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\MainStyles.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\TextStyles.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\TextStyles.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\App.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\MainStyles.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\TextStyles.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\App.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Colors.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\MainStyles.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\TextStyles.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\XamlSaveStateFile.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Whistler.exe
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Whistler.pdb
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation\en-US\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.Properties.Resources.resw
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Whistler.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation.pri
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Microsoft.Practices.ServiceLocation\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\GalaSoft.MvvmLight.Platform.pri.xml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Styles.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Styles.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Styles.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\Styles\Styles.xbf
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xaml
c:\users\fahid\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Styles\Styles.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\View\MainPage.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainCategories.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainCategories.g.cs
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainCategories.xaml
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\MainCategories.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\View\MainCategories.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\bin\Debug\View\CategoryDetails.xbf
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\CategoryDetails.g.i.cs
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\CategoryDetails.g.cs
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\CategoryDetails.xaml
C:\Users\Fahid\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Whistler\Whistler\obj\Debug\View\CategoryDetails.xbf
